- Wade Wilson. 19CF568.
you're charged with first-degree murder.
- He's the ultimate bad boy.
- Hey. Kristen. - Hello.
- Hey. Breezy. what's up. baby?
- We saw Wade Wilson go through a series of women
who were absolutely enthralled with him.
- Hello. - Hey. sexy girl.
How you doing?
- What's up. you sexy motherfucker?
- It's really hard to not fall for what he says
and how he makes you feel.
- When it finally got into the courtroom.
he became ground zero.
- Wade Wilson. - Wade Wilson?
- He's charismatic.
- I need to know what he did.
- She wants to see the trial.
I would wanna see the trial too.
- While locked up. this is when Wade began
getting his face tattooed.
It started with the swastika on his face and head.
- First thing I did tell him was. I was Jewish.
Did he have a problem with that?
- There were jurors that were terrified
just being in the courtroom near him
that we had to excuse.
- He wanted a Gucci suit
and he wanted a Gucci shirt or crocodile shoes.
- What am I gonna do with dang crocodile shoes for you?
- Kristine Melton. Diane Ruiz. both of them
had been strangled.
And both of them. the last person that they encountered
was Mr. Wade Wilson.
- He said. I choked that bitch.
- What did he say about the second girl?
- He said that he pulled her out of the car
and ran her over until she looked like spaghetti.
- There's nobody behind those eyes anymore.
Dark. serial-killer eyes.
- I guess you know what comes across my mind--
murder. just murder. murder.
When I get that way. I become the devil.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
- Hello. this is a prepaid call from...
- Wilson. Wilson. Wilson.
- An inmate at the Lee County Jail.
To accept this call. press zero.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Finally.
I fell very much in love with Wade.
I was gonna get married to him before the trial.
I'm Alexis Williams. I go by Allie.
- A friend of mine asked me to reach out to Wade because I--
I--he knew that I had known him.
He kinda had the same group of friends.
- I sent a photo. and he's like. I know who you are.
And it just kinda stemmed from there.
- His dimples. that's--
the smile. the side smile with the dimples
is. I think. what got it.
So that did it for me.
- He was calling me all the time.
and it ended up becoming more romantic.
- I believe in intimacy as an exchange of energy.
Being intimate with somebody that I'm not physically there.
too. as well. wasn't hard for me.
- He kept calling me repeatedly.
like. very persistently. very. very. very much.
And then it turned into. you know. his charm.
- At the time. I was a bigger girl.
I was about 300 pounds.
- Which. he liked those girls. He likes bigger women.
- You have one minute remaining.
- It's really hard to not fall for what he says
and how he makes you feel and the amount of times
all you're doing is laughing.
- Is that right?
- I think some of my hardest laughing moments
were with him on the phone.
- You feel appreciated. You feel valued.
And it was kind of like. are you seeing anybody?
Nah. you're not. We're dating.
And then I became. like. his girlfriend.
And I was like. okay. well. I can do this.
- Wade Wilson. 19CF568.
- We monitored his emails and phone calls
since the beginning of his arrest.
- You're charged with first-degree murder.
grand theft auto. battery.
- My name is Sara Miller. and I'm an assistant
state attorney in our Homicide unit.
And there were just thousands upon thousands of phone calls.
He didn't ever talk about victims or anybody but himself.
It was all about him.
- It seems that a lot of ladies think he's attractive.
He's the ultimate bad boy.
It's hard for me. as a woman. to imagine
attraction to someone who had violently killed other women.
- He's always thinking about sex.
how to have more sex. how to manipulate these women
that he's talking to.
- Even his--his girlfriend at the time. Mila.
she still had contact with him.
- I hear his voice and I'm like. Wade. like--
I--I wasn't even sure.
I couldn't believe he was calling me.
At first. are you gonna wait for me. you know?
I know that you're probably gonna find somebody
on the outside and be with them.
- He wanted to know that I would just hold on for him
for a little bit longer.
He wanted me to wait for him.
And then it didn't take long for me
to just say. what happened?
Just tell me everything.
And he would say horrible things. I choked that bitch.
- And then I was like. what about the other girl?
- He said. can I still contact you?
I just need you-- I need you to talk to.
- Thank you for using GTL.
- I wanted to hear him say. I'm so sorry;
I feel so bad; I--you know?
I heard him say that. but it was more he was sorry
that--for him getting locked up.
- Wade Wilson was in court this morning
and pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder charges
for the deaths of Kristine Melton and Diane Ruiz.
- I started going to his court dates.
- And I was under the impression. from his mouth.
that he was innocent.
He told me that all they had was the confession
and that he was set up.
- It did not seem out of-- that crazy that
he would have been set up.
So I believed him.
- There's a psychopath here on TikTok.
- And then this is a new trial.
- I need to know what he did.
- This is the first that we hear the details.
- All rise.
- When it finally got into the courtroom.
it was time to tee it up and go.
- I am Rich Montecalvo.
I am the chief assistant state attorney.
- Let's start with a Wade Wilson update
and give you guys some inside juice of what's going on.
- There was just so much interest
on regular media. social media...
- Let's go. let's go. let's go.
- That we became--you know. we became ground zero
for--for a couple of days.
- My best friend and my sister are obsessed.
and it has drug me in.
- She wants to see the trial.
I would wanna see the trial too.
- There was a population out there. not just here locally.
but around the country and the world.
- They were even putting all his walks
into the courtroom. set to music. and in slow motion.
like. fangirling over him.
- It's all the thirst traps and the way
he looks in a suit and the fact that he's a murderer.
And they just--some women just find that attractive.
He wanted a new suit every time.
He wanted a Gucci suit and he wanted a Gucci shirt
or crocodile shoes.
What am I gonna to do with dang crocodile shoes for you?
I couldn't find what he had wanted.
and I was--already had spent about. like. $150
on shoes and socks and underwear
and shirts for him to wear. and ties.
And it just wasn't good enough for him.
- Let's talk about Wade Wilson's tattoos.
- Tattoos that can get you in serious trouble.
- Let us have a full rundown of some of his tattoos.
- While locked up.
this is when Wade began getting his face tattooed.
It started with the swastika on his face and head
and evolved into what looks like
half a skull on his face.
- His face is an entire billboard of his life.
- So Wade has a tattoo that says TTG.
- That stands for "Trained To Go."
which is also another way of saying ready for war.
- There's a famous quote from the 2008 Joker movie.
- And then. of course. Wade has the swastika tattoos.
- Multiple. besides the one on his cheek.
His booking photo-- clean faced.
He had tattoos. but he was clean faced.
When I met him. first thing I did tell him was. I was Jewish.
Did he have a problem with that?
- All right. good morning. ladies and gentlemen.
Let the record reflect that the State's present.
defense counsel and the defendant are present.
This is the case of State of Florida
versus Wade S. Wilson. case number 19CF568.
Correct? - Yes. Your Honor.
- Yes. Judge.
- Are both the State and defense
ready for trial this morning?
- Yes. Your Honor.
- Yes. and I would like to approach the bench first.
Kevin and I were the fifth attorneys--
set of attorneys on the case.
We weren't smart enough to step back
when they called for volunteers.
Court said. you're it.
- There was a concern by the defense counsel.
They had asked that he. you know.
be allowed to wear makeup.
- He wanted to have the makeup at first
because he didn't want the jury to look at him
and judge him based off of his looks.
I just got him a-- the tattoo cover-up makeup.
It was just supposed to be able to cover the--
the black tattoo on his skin.
- And then the morning that he was supposed to put it on.
he--he puts it on himself.
Nobody goes in. Nobody does it for him.
And it--it didn't cover.
So he just said. all right.
we'll go without the cover up.
- With that. State ready to proceed?
- Yes. Your Honor.
- All right.
And the defense is ready to proceed
with opening statements? - Yes. Judge.
- All right.
- State.
- Thank you.
Good morning.
Kristine Melton was 35 years old when she died.
She was found in her South Cape Coral residence.
wrapped in some bedding. tied with some shirts
and leggings and a bathing suit top.
Her face was black and blue.
Her fingernails were broken.
She had marks around her neck
as she lied on the floor between her bedroom
and kitchen area of her residence.
- So I was under the impression that
he was telling me the truth.
And then when they started with Kristine's case.
that--that first part of it. it was just--
I ran to the bathroom and threw up.
And I was crying.
- Diane Ruiz was 43 years old.
She was found on an empty lot. under some shrubs--
there's a tree--
just lying there.
Her nose had been broken.
Her hyoid bone and thyroid cartilage had been broken.
She had suffered multiple rib fractures.
not only front but also in the back.
And if you want to believe
what Mr. Wilson told law enforcement.
was that he had driven over her repeatedly
and tried to make her look like spaghetti.
- Just what he was thinking. what he was thinking
when he ran over those-- that young lady
that was trying to go to work.
What was he thinking?
- I'm one of the 12 jury that sat through this trial.
The moment I walked in there and I realized.
when the case started. how intense it was gonna be.
I started thinking. should I be on this case?
But I knew I had a duty to perform.
- Now what you're gonna learn during the course
of this trial. ladies and gentlemen.
is that Ms. Ruiz and Ms. Melton had three things in common.
Both of them died on the 7th of October. 2019.
Both of them had been strangled.
And both of them. the last person that they encountered
was Mr. Wade Wilson.
- He was smirking.
He was staring jurors down.
When we were picking a jury. we had a juror cry.
There were jurors that were terrified
just being in the courtroom near him
that we had to excuse.
- He made a lot of eye contact.
especially when we were walking in.
And for me. he would look directly at me at times.
and that stuck with me as well.
- Now. ladies and gentlemen. during the course
of this trial. you're gonna hear
about all of the admissions that he made.
You're gonna hear what he told law enforcement.
And you're gonna hear that when they asked him
why he killed Ms. Melton. he said.
I just wanted to do it.
- And then...
They asked him. well. what about Ms. Ruiz?
His response was...
"Eff it.
"I should kill her.
I already got one down."
- When you take all of that and you put it together.
the State wants you to return the only verdict that
the evidence is gonna support. and that is guilty
of first-degree premeditated murder for the strangulation
and killing of Ms. Melton.
guilty for battery on Ms. Melissa Montanez.
guilty on first-degree murder of Ms. Diana Ruiz
for strangling. killing her.
and running her over with that car.
- I was trying to still keep an open mind.
I was battling my mind and my heart at the same time for--
for days. weeks.
- There's only so much you can do with this case.
Usually when you do an opening.
you like to have a solid defense
or something in your favor.
And at that point. we were still
tiptoeing through the tulips. trying to come up with one.
The defense is gonna-- is gonna reserve. judge.
- Okay.
Very well.
- For a defense attorney to then say.
uh. we waive our opening statement.
and then the judge looks at the State and says.
okay. call your first witness. it's like. whoa.
- The State calls Melissa Montanez.
- You went from being the love of his life
to testifying against him.
Like. that's gotta be hard.
- I honestly did not think I was gonna be able to do it.
- I begged and pleaded that I didn't want to.
You're saying I have to sit in front of him...
- And you're saying I have to testify against him in court.
I couldn't do it.
It wasn't until they told me how important
that it was that I--I was.
Like. I was the only voice for Kristine Melton and Diane Ruiz.
- Because I was the only one that he beat up and survived...
- That I could say. then. how scary he was.
- Do you solemnly swear or affirm
that the testimony that you give
will be the truth. the whole truth.
and nothing but the truth?
- Yes.
I don't know if it'll ever really set in.
It's just surreal to be able to absorb that
somebody you were in love with killed two women.
was a serial killer. I guess.
- Weirdly enough. I could understand if he murdered me.
But I can't imagine him just randomly
going on a killing spree for girls he did not know.
It feels--like. I have a lot of guilt on that.
- Now. do you know someone by the name of Wade Wilson?
- Yes.
- Did you date him for a short period of time?
Yes.
I was hyperventilating.
I couldn't get my breath in. thought I was gonna pass out.
I had cried many different times before getting in there.
ruined my makeup several different times.
ruined my hair several different times.
just trying to get in there.
- And then she described in gruesome detail...
What her interaction was when she had met him up at her spa.
And. you know. the--
the pain and suffering that she had to endure at his hands
was unimaginable.
- How did he act?
- Violent. aggressive.
I knew I was gonna die that day.
I was just buy--buying time.
I'm trying to reason with him. trying to talk to him.
But there's nobody behind those eyes anymore.
- Okay. so at some point. does he--
does he continue to beat you as you're up there?
- Yes. - Does he punch you?
- Yes.
- Okay. describe that punch.
- The final and end punch that I remember.
he got me so straight on.
and blood just went crazy. everywhere.
And it almost was like. a minute where I could dunk under
and run under his arm. run down the stairs.
and then that's when my neighboring businesses.
the design studio. were calling me--
Mila. Mila. get--get in here.
And then. like. I didn't even realize how crazy I looked.
but like. they rescued me.
And I don't know what happened after that.
I'm assuming he left.
- Having a child of my own or a daughter.
no man wants to see their kid go through that.
Of course. you would sympathize with her.
I'm just happy that she made it out alive.
- Now. do you. as you're sitting here in court.
see the person who has threatened to kill you.
and who was battering you that morning. sitting in court?
- Yes.
- Would you please point to him and identify him
by his clothing?
- Wade Wilson in the blue suit.
- Gonna let the record reflect that the witness
has identified the defendant.
To testify against him and to see his face again.
that's a really. really hard thing
for witnesses to have to do.
She's strong to come in and testify and strong to--
to be able to stand up on cross.
- When you were at the Buddha Bar.
or before going to the Buddha Bar...
- Did you-- were you using cocaine?
- Yes.
- Your cocaine?
- No.
- Who's?
- He--he had some.
- You said-- when you met up with him.
you said there was nobody behind those eyes anymore.
- Yes. that's true.
- What did you mean?
- Dark. serial-killer eyes.
where there's nothing to reason with.
It's a black hole.
You're saying words.
You're trying to evoke emotion in somebody.
and there's nothing behind those eyes.
- Nothing further. Judge.
- She withstood cross-examination
like a palm tree in a hurricane. I'll tell you that.
- Any redirect? - Nothing further.
I ask that she be released. - Any objection?
- No. - She can be excused.
You're--you can step down. You're excused.
- I don't--I can't think of anything I've done.
harder than that.
And then I started getting all these death threats
that I had testified against him.
I couldn't show up to work for several months after the trial.
I thought I did my job on trial.
I thought that was all I had to speak.
I didn't know I had to further defend myself after all this.
and I didn't know that there was. I don't know.
hundreds of thousands of girls
that I had to defend myself from.
from a serial killer.
That was crazy.
- We call them the Wade Wives.
I think they call themselves Wade Wives.
people who were trying to have relationships with him.
- He did ask for pictures.
And then when he got them. he was like. obviously
very sweet. very charming. and complimentary
about the pictures.
And then he was asking for more.
- This defendant. who's covered with facial tattoos.
and for some reason. fascinates people...
- Meet Wade Wilson. who apparently has been
taking over corners of TikTok.
- Wade Wilson. - Wade Wilson.
- He's charismatic and he has. like. tattoos.
- He knew what was going on on the outside.
He knew what was being posted on TikTok.
He literally knows everything.
- And then it certainly didn't help that his name
is Wade Wilson from "Deadpool."
- We can fight this.
- I'm sure you've been seeing him all over your
For You page. Wade Wilson. the Deadpool killer.
- He really thinks that he's a Marvel character?
- It kind of reminds you of Charles Manson
a little bit. doesn't it?
He was building a cult following.
There were women. and there were folks out there
that were actually following his--his commands
and--and getting tattoos done.
- I did.
I have it right here.
It was one of those. tattoo your name on me
so I know it's real.
Sorry. but it was. literally the words from his mouth.
And I've never done that before.
I don't have any other name on my body. including my children.
So it was a big-- it was something
that I was very serious about.
- I mean. again. I think he's a master manipulator.
so he knows how to get what he wants.
- So inmates are entitled to having
what's called a canteen or a money account
to purchase items. purchase food. what have you.
- He had girls all around the world
writing him. sending him money.
He had more canteen than he can even use.
that even guys were fangirling over him.
- In the four or five years that Wade Wilson was in jail.
we saw Wade Wilson go through a series of women
who were absolutely enthralled with him.
I'm Dr. Casey Jordan.
I'm a criminologist. attorney. and behavior analyst.
There's a sense of safety and control in loving a bad boy.
Look. here's a violent person.
I'm controlling him. and he can't hurt me.
It's not just his good looks. though.
It's the notoriety of his horrific crimes.
- Morning.
- Please introduce yourself to the ladies and gentlemen
of the jury by telling them your name.
- Sure. how you doing? I am Doctor Thomas Coyne.
I was the deputy chief medical examiner here at District 21.
- Did you have an opportunity to perform
an autopsy of Ms. Diana Ruiz?
- I did.
So these are all photographs that were taken
on the day of the autopsy in the morgue.
here in Fort Myers.
- I always take note of--of how the defendant
responds to certain evidence.
And Wade Wilson stared right at those autopsy photos.
almost as if he was proud of what he did.
In Wade Wilson's cell. he has photos on the wall.
For him. it's a brag sheet.
The most disturbing photo is the field
where he dumped Diane Ruiz's body.
It's not just a memento.
It's a constant reminder.
He's reliving the horrible. atrocious murder
of Diane Ruiz.
- Judge. the State would like to call Mr. Scott Hannon.
- All right. you may proceed. - Thank you. Your Honor.
- I am Scott Hannon. the fiancé of Diane Ruiz.
- So you--do you recognize this particular item.
State's 30I that was previously admitted into evidence?
- That's the ring I got her.
- Okay. And what did that ring signify?
- Our love for each other.
- When you left for work that morning.
was Ms. Ruiz still at the residence?
- Yes. so she was still in bed.
- So you didn't see her after you'd left.
Is that correct? - Nope.
- Did you have any contact with her
after you left for work that day?
- A brief text message.
She. uh...
Sh--she didn't think I gave her a kiss goodbye.
- Had you?
- Of course.
- Any time I looked over at him. he just sat there.
and it seemed to be enjoying and listening to everything
that we had to present. you know.
to the ladies and gentlemen of the jury.
You're dealing with someone. you know. quite sick.
And this is an individual who's taken depravity
to a completely different level.
- Good morning. ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome back. We're ready to proceed.
- I was believing what I was told. so much that I didn't--
I was ignoring my intuition.
- I think it was a possessive thing that
attracted me so much. is that it was a dominance deal.
and I--just. I liked the fact
that he was very possessive over me at the time.
"I love you so much. so committed to you.
"trusting in you. Forever yours.
Now let's get married already."
I was under the impression that he was going to be released
on the murder charges.
- So I was preparing for him to do a 10 to 15 year bid.
and I was still going to marry him.
thinking that if he's innocent on these charges.
then he wasn't lying to me. then I will stick it through
and be with him on these ones.
because it's just what it was at the time.
"Undoubtedly. wholeheartedly. I am yours. Wade."
"Wade" with a swastika.
- Please tell the jurors your name.
- Stephanie Sailors.
- Do you know someone by the name of Kristine Melton?
- Yes--Kristine and I have been friends
since we were in high school.
- I wanna take you back to October 6 of 2019.
Did you see Kristine on that day?
- Kristine and I had planned to go out
drinking at the Buddha Bar.
We socialized quite a bit.
We danced. We got drinks.
Pretty standard going-out night.
- And while you were there. did someone approach you?
- Yeah. somebody jumped out in front of me and said.
hey. who's your friend?
And gestured towards Kristine.
And I grabbed Kristine and said. hey.
this guy wants to meet you.
- How did he introduce himself to you?
- At that point. he introduced himself as JR.
- Do you see JR sitting in the courtroom today?
- Yes. right there. in a bright blue suit.
- Now. has his appearance changed since the time
that you met him?
- Yes. he has a lot more tattoos on his face.
- As far as JR's concerned. does he exhibit
any kind of anger or any kind of red flags?
- No. not at all.
- And in fact. you-- you and Kristine
thought he was charming?
- Mm-hmm.
- We were concerned that. are we gonna have jurors
that might question why she would go home with a stranger
or. you know. why she would be so trusting?
Now. what happened when you got back to Kristine's home?
- I remember telling her. you know.
I had to go home because I had to go to work the next day
and take my son to school.
- When she told you goodbye and that she'd see you tomorrow.
did you had any concerns for her safety?
- No.
- And in fact. if you did. would you have left her home
with just her and Wade Wilson in that house?
- Not at all.
And if she was concerned. Kristine would have never
let me leave that house if she was scared.
She would have said.
let's get this guy out of here together.
- The case was never about Mr. Wilson.
I mean. it was about Diane Ruiz.
and it was about Kristine Melton.
It was about the two women who he'd come into contact with
and taken their lives.
- We felt as though the death penalty was warranted.
And. you know. quite frankly. he earned it.
- He's mostly offended by the way
that it was presented to him.
And he doesn't like the jokes that the correctional officers
are making around him.
- This is a guy who's on trial. facing death.
and he hadn't-- seemed to have no concern.
The State calls Steven Testasecca.
Do you know someone by the name of Wade Wilson?
- Yes. ma'am.
- How do you know Wade Wilson?
- He's my son.
- How old were you when you found out
you were going to be his father?
- 14 or 15.
- How old was his mother at the time?
- A year younger than me.
- Now. were either of you in a position at that age
to be able to raise him?
- No. ma'am.
- Was he placed up for adoption?
- Yes. ma'am.
- When you put a father up on the stand.
I mean. he was torn.
I mean. that's his son.
His moral compass pointed due north.
and he didn't have any reservations
about coming in and--
and repeating the things that Mr. Wilson told him.
- I wanna turn your attention to Monday. October 7th of 2019.
Did Wade Wilson get in touch with you
through phone call that day? - Yes. ma'am.
- And what did he tell you in that call?
- He just told me. you know. he did something.
There was two people gone that would not be back.
He--he said. I'm a killer.
I choked that bitch.
- As he's telling you all these things.
what's his demeanor as he's telling you?
- He was excited.
- You say excited. What do you mean by that?
- He just--I felt like he was wanting me
to feel the way he felt about it.
- Did he seem proud of it?
- Yes.
- Did he seem to show any kind of remorse?
- No. ma'am.
- The dad was very impactful.
He did the right thing.
- Did you feel conflicted about giving him over
to law enforcement initially?
- Yes. ma'am.
- And did you have additional concerns
of what might happen if you didn't
turn him into law enforcement?
- Yes. ma'am. - What was that. sir?
- He would have done it again.
- I couldn't imagine having to make that decision.
to turn your son in because he was going to hurt more people.
And he's gotten so much hate for it.
Because people don't understand.
They see him as a crappy parent. when this man
did everybody a favor.
- Do you see your son sitting here in the courtroom?
- Yes. ma'am.
- And would you describe an article
of clothing he's wearing?
- White shirt. blue tie. dark suit.
- I have nothing further. and tender this witness.
- The irony of it is. he's still pulling
the strings from a jail cell.
See. I was looking at these--these accounts.
you know. raising money.
- I wanna see like--
I'm hoping--I'm hoping we get enough money. man.
so we can get me a lawyer so I can
have a little fucking canteen.
Like. I hope some money comes in.
Hopefully people will fucking see the page.
Like. listen. can I tell you something. though. Kristen?
Once the people see the GoFundMe page on there.
we're gonna have the people that think I'm innocent
that are gonna donate.
And then we're gonna have the weirdos that think I did it.
They're gonna donate.
Like. you know what I'm saying?
Like. do you know. like Batman and Joke--
- You said the weirdos? The weirdos for what?
- You know. listen. you know. like--
you know. like Batman and Joker?
We're gonna have the weirdos that like Joker and shit.
They're gonna fucking. like-- like. they're gonna be like.
oh. I'm gonna fucking donate.
You know what I'm saying?
- He's got--I mean. it's just crazy.
I was looking at these-- these accounts.
I mean. it's your money.
I don't care what you donate your money to.
But it's--it's just all women.
It's all women.
Now. I hate to say this. but he doesn't need anybody right now.
- His commissary's fat.
He's got an army of wives. and he's--that's what--
that's all he's ever wanted.
It's so much easier to be genuine and honest
and. you know. not use people.
You know?
And I hate that for him.
I hate that at--that at his age. that he still does that.
But he knows he's a good looking man.
And that's his MO.
- I'm Candy Wilson.
I am Wade's adopted mother.
- Everything was fine until--
when he found out he was adopted.
- I knew that something was wrong with him.
- He's sick!
He's got a diseased mind.
- The potential for a traumatic brain injury or head injuries--
I ordered testing.
- Wondering why there's any sympathy for him.
He had a very troubled childhood.
- And have you made a decision as to whether you
wanna testify or not? - Yeah.
- And what is that decision?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-